1
Black Fly
Tiny black fly with neutral AI. Does not hurt Isaac upon touch.

2
Attack Fly
Red fly that follows Isaac and deals touch damage.

3
Large Attack Fly
Red fly that follows Isaac and deals touch damage.

4
Ring Fly
Gathers with any other Ring Flies in the room. These flies orbit around themselves, while following Isaac.

5
Dart Fly
Added in Afterbirth	Flies towards Isaac and attempts to mimic his movements. Deals contact damage.

6
Swarm Fly
Added in Afterbirth	Follows Isaac in large groups and deals contact damage.

7
Hush Fly
Added in Afterbirth	Gathers with other Hush Flies and flies towards Isaac in certain patterns. Can also orbit Hush.

8
Moter
Follows Isaac, similar to Attack Flies. Splits into 2 Attack Flies upon death.

9
Eternal Fly
Invulnerable fly that circles corny poop and various monsters. Turns into a vulnerable Attack Fly after the object or monster it circles is destroyed.

10
Pooter
Slow-moving fly that occasionally fires single blood shots at Isaac. Does not deal touch damage.

11
Super Pooter
An alternate version of the Pooter that fires 2 shots in a V-formation and does not deal touch damage.

12
Boom Fly
Flies around the room diagonally, dealing touch damage and exploding upon death.

13
Red Boom Fly
Flies around the room diagonally, dealing touch damage and exploding into 6 blood shots upon death.

14
Drowned Boom Fly
Added in Afterbirth	Flies around the room diagonally, dealing touch damage. Upon death, explodes, and fires four blood shots in the cardinal directions. High chance to spawn a Drowned Charger upon death.

15
Level 2 Fly
Flies toward Isaac erratically, dealing touch damage.

16
Full Fly
Flies toward Isaac erratically, dealing touch damage. Splits into 6 directional shots upon death.

17
Sucker
Flies slowly towards Isaac, exploding into 4 shots in the cardinal directions upon death.

18
Spit
Flies slowly towards Isaac, firing an Ipecac shot towards Isaac upon death.

19
Soul Sucker
Added in Afterbirth †	Flies slowly towards Isaac. Spawns a vortex that fires four Brimstone beams in the cardinal directions upon death.

20
Dip
Slowly dashes in random directions, dealing contact damage.

21
Corn
Added in Afterbirth	Quickly dashes in random directions, dealing contact damage.

22
Brownie Corn
Added in Afterbirth	Quickly dashes in random directions, dealing contact damage.

23
Squirt
Dashes towards the player and deals contact damage. Spawns 2 Dips upon death.

24
Dank Squirt
Added in Afterbirth	Dashes towards the player and deals contact damage. Spawns 2 Clots upon death.

25
Dinga
Slowly moves around the room, occasionally hopping, spawning Dips or firing 8 brown shots in all directions. Spawns 2 Squirts on death.

26
Corn Mine
Added in Afterbirth	Goes off when destroyed or after some time, then releases a cloud of poisonous gas and fires corny shots in eight directions.

27
Spider
Erratically moves towards Isaac and deals touch damage.

28
Big Spider
Erratically moves towards Isaac and deals touch damage. Splits into two Spiders upon death.

29
Trite
Quickly leaps towards Isaac and deals touch damage.

30
Ragling
Quickly leaps towards Isaac and deals touch damage. Randomly shoots two purple shots that orbit around it.

31
Blister
Added in Afterbirth †	Slowly hops towards Isaac, occasionally spawning black smoke balls. Spawns a Sack upon death.

32
Level 2 Spider
Crawls around the room erratically, following Isaac and dealing touch damage. Can jump small distances.

33
Ticking Spider
Crawls around the room erratically, following Isaac and dealing touch damage. Can jump small distances. Explodes upon death.

34
Baby Long Legs
Runs away from Isaac and frequently spawns Spiders.

35
Small Baby Long Legs
Runs away from Isaac and occasionally spawns Sacks.

36
Crazy Long Legs
Chases Isaac, dealing touch damage. Occasionally stops to spit blood shots in 8 directions.

37
Small Crazy Long Legs
Chases Isaac, dealing touch damage. Occasionally stops to spit blood shots diagonally in 4 directions.

38
Wall Creep
Crawls along walls to try to line up with Isaac and shoots three blood shots in a line.

39
Blind Creep
Randomly crawls along walls and shoots three spread blood shots.

40
Rage Creep
Slowly crawls along walls to try to line up with Isaac and shoots a Brimstone laser.

41
The Thing
Added in Afterbirth †	Crawls along a wall and attempts to line up with Isaac, then spits a line of damaging red creep.

42
Boil
Stationary enemy that decreases in size when hit, but regenerates to its full size until fully destroyed. Fires multiple short-ranged blood projectiles in random directions when fully swollen.

43
Gut
Stationary enemy that decreases in size when hit, but regenerates to its full size until fully destroyed. Fires Ipecac shots in random directions when fully swollen.

44
Sack
Stationary enemy that decreases in size when hit, but regenerates to its full size until fully destroyed. Occasionally spawns Spiders when fully swollen.

45
Gush
Added in Afterbirth †	Stationary, harmless enemy that continually creates slowing black creep.

46
Blue Boil
Added in Afterbirth	Stationary enemy that decreases in size when hit, but regenerates to its full size until fully destroyed. Fires 1-3 blood shots towards Isaac when fully swollen.

47
Walking Boil
Does not shrink or regenerate. Walks around aimlessly and fires multiple short-ranged blood projectiles in random directions.

48
Walking Gut
Does not shrink or regenerate. Walks around aimlessly and fires Ipecac shots in random directions.

49
Walking Sack
Does not shrink or regenerate. Walks around aimlessly and occasionally spawns Spiders.

50
Round Worm
Pops out of the ground in random locations and spits a blood shot at Isaac if he is in sight.

51
Nightcrawler
Pops out of the ground in random locations and fires four short-range shots that spiral outwards if Isaac is in sight.

52
Tube Worm
Added in Afterbirth †	Pops out of the ground in random locations and fires a long-range spray of arcing shots.

53
Roundy
Added in Afterbirth	Pops out of the ground in random locations, creating a small rock wave. Fires an explosive Ipecac shot at Isaac if he is in sight.

54
Ulcer
Added in Afterbirth	Pops out of the ground in random locations and spawns a Dart Fly if Isaac is in sight. Fires a blood shot after spawning 6 Dart Flies.

55
Mulligan
Walks around the room, avoiding Isaac. Upon death, spawns several flies, which can be Black Flies, Attack Flies, or Pooters. Can suicide to explode and launch projectiles in the four ordinal directions while still releasing flies.

56
Mulligoon
Walks around the room, avoiding Isaac. Upon death, spawns a Troll Bomb and fires four shots in the ordinal directions. Can suicide to explode, spawn a Troll bomb, and launch projectiles in eight directions.

57
Mulliboom
Chases Isaac and explodes upon death or upon touching Isaac. The explosion deals a half-heart of damage instead of the regular full heart.

58
Hive
Walks around the room, avoiding Isaac while spawning Attack Flies. Spawns a large number of flies upon death, which can be Black Flies, Attack Flies, Pooters, or Fat Flies.

59
Nest
Walks around the room, avoiding Isaac while spawning Spiders. Spawns a Big Spider or a Trite upon death.

60
Drowned Hive
Added in Afterbirth	Walks around the room, avoiding Isaac while spawning Drowned Chargers. Spawns a Drowned Charger upon death.

61
Leper
Added in Afterbirth †	Walks around the room, avoiding Isaac. Releases a Leper Flesh for every 15 damage taken. After being reduced to 15 health, starts chasing Isaac and leaves damaging red creep. Spawns a Leper head chunk and Gusher upon death.

62
Leper Flesh
Added in Afterbirth †	Moves erratically and chases Isaac. Fires a blood shot at Isaac upon death.

63
Swarmer
Slowly floats around the room, spawning several Attack Flies. Spawns Pooters upon taking damage. Spawns a Boom Fly upon death.

64
Dukie
Added in Afterbirth	Flies around the room diagonally, occasionally spitting out a Dart Fly.

65
Hopper
Slowly hops around the room, dealing touch damage. Can turn into a Flaming Hopper by jumping into fire.

66
Flaming Hopper
Quickly hops around the room, dealing touch damage. Covers a larger distance than the regular Hopper.

67
Leaper
Hops around the room, dealing touch damage. Occasionally jumps high into the air, dropping down onto Isaac's position while firing 4 blood shots in the cardinal directions.

68
Ministro
Added in Afterbirth †	Hops towards Isaac, occasionally spitting out a cluster of disorganized shots.

69
Pacer
Walks aimlessly around the room.

70
Gusher
Walks aimlessly around the room, occasionally firing short-ranged blood shots.

71
Black Globin's Head
Added in Afterbirth	Slides towards Isaac, leaving a trail of damaging red creep.

72
Black Globin's Body
Added in Afterbirth	Walks aimlessly around the room, occasionally spawning spiders.

73
Gaper
Walks towards Isaac, dealing contact damage. Usually turns into a Pacer or a Gusher upon death.

74
Frowning Gaper
Walks towards Isaac, dealing contact damage. Upon getting near Isaac, it will open its eyes and pursue Isaac faster. Usually turns into a Pacer or a Gusher upon death.

75
Flaming Gaper
Added in Afterbirth	Walks towards Isaac, dealing contact damage. Usually turns into a Pacer or a Gusher upon death.

76
Cyclopia
Added in Afterbirth	Walks towards Isaac, dealing contact damage and leaving behind a trail of damaging red creep. Occasionally shoots a blood shot towards Isaac.

77
Blue Gaper
Added in Afterbirth	Walks towards Isaac, dealing contact damage.

78
Greed Gaper
Added in Afterbirth	Walks towards Isaac, dealing contact damage.

79
Gurgle
Walks towards Isaac, firing Ipecac shots at him. Can turn into a Splasher upon death.

80
Splasher
Walks aimlessly around the room, firing Ipecac shots in random directions.

81
Skinny
Slowly walks towards Isaac, leaving short-lasting red creep behind itself.

82
Rotty
Slowly walks towards Isaac, leaving short-lasting red creep behind itself. Spawns a Bony or two Attack Flies upon death.

83
Crispy
Added in Afterbirth †	Slowly walks towards Isaac, but increases in speed as they take damage. Constantly passively takes damage.

84
Mr. Maw
Walks towards Isaac and attacks by launching its head towards Isaac. Turns into a Maw or Gusher upon death depending on the killed body segment.

85
Mr. Red Maw
Added in Afterbirth †	Walks towards Isaac and attacks by launching its head towards Isaac. Turns into a Red Maw or Gusher upon death depending on the killed body segment. Occasionally separates at will.

86
Horf
Stationary enemy that fires a medium ranged blood shot at Isaac when he gets in range of them.

87
Psychic Horf
Stationary enemy that fires a homing shot at Isaac when he gets in range of them.

88
Maw
Slowly floats towards Isaac, firing blood shots when Isaac is in range of them.

89
Red Maw
Floats towards Isaac and explodes into 4 blood shots in the cardinal directions upon death.

90
Psychic Maw
Slowly floats towards Isaac, firing homing shots at Isaac when he is in range of them. Spawns with an Eternal Fly orbiting around it.

91
Bony
Wanders around the room and throws a bone at Isaac when he is in sight.

92
Black Bony
Added in Afterbirth	Wanders around the room and throws three bones in a row at Isaac when he is in sight. Explodes upon death.

93
Death's Head
Invulnerable enemy that moves diagonally around the room, dealing contact damage. Dies when the room is cleared.

94
Dank Death's Head
Added in Afterbirth	Moves diagonally around the room, dealing contact damage. Needs to be killed to complete the room.

95
Flesh Death's Head
Added in Afterbirth	Moves diagonally around the room, dealing contact damage. Explodes into 6 blood shots in all directions upon death. Can be killed, but also dies when the room is cleared.

96
One Tooth
Follows Isaac and periodically dashes towards Isaac when it gets close. Deals contact damage.

97
Fat Bat
Added in Afterbirth	Slowly flies towards Isaac. Shoots when Isaac aligns diagonally with it and will actively try to avoid Isaac's shots.

98
Lil' Haunt
Follows Isaac erratically and occasionally shoots blood shots toward Isaac's destination, predicting his movements.

99
Wizoob
Disappears, then appears near Isaac and spits a cluster of spectral tears at him.

100
Red Ghost
Added in Afterbirth	Disappears, then reappears near Isaac and fires a brimstone laser.

101
Fatty
Slowly walks towards Isaac. Occasionally farts, which pushes Isaac and adjacent enemies away.

102
Flaming Fatty
Added in Afterbirth	Slowly walks towards Isaac. Occasionally farts, which pushes Isaac and adjacent enemies away. Has a chance to leave behind a damaging flame upon death.

103
Stoney
Added in Afterbirth †	Chases Isaac and blocks tears, but does not deal contact damage. Temporarily pauses in exhaustion after a certain amount of time. Invulnerable; dies when the room is cleared.

104
Cross Stoney
Added in Afterbirth †	Chases Isaac and shoots 4 tears vertically and diagonally like a Cross Grimace. Dies when the room is cleared.

105
Conjoined Fatty
Added in Afterbirth	Slowly walks towards Isaac. Occasionally pauses to fart out a line of damaging green creep towards Isaac. Chance to turn into a regular Fatty upon death.

106
Blue Conjoined Fatty
Added in Afterbirth	Slowly walks towards Isaac and occasionally farts out a homing Ipecac shot at Isaac.

107
Pale Fatty
Slowly walks towards Isaac. Occasionally farts and shoots blood shots in 6 directions. Can turn into a Blubber upon death.

108
Fat Sack
Slowly walks towards Isaac. Occasionally leaps off-screen and attempts to land on Isaac, leaving a puddle of creep and shooting blood shots in 6 directions where it lands. Can turn into a Blubber upon death.

109
Blubber
Walks around aimlessly and randomly spews blood around itself. Can turn into a Half Sack when killed.

110
Half Sack
Wanders around aimlessly and leaves a trail of red creep.

111
Globin
Chases Isaac, dealing a full heart of contact damage. Upon taking enough damage, it collapses into a pile of goo, which can be killed. Will regenerate after a short period of time if not killed quickly.

112
Gazing Globin
Quickly chases Isaac, dealing a full heart of contact damage. Upon taking enough damage, it collapses into a pile of goo, which will slide away from Isaac and can be killed. Will regenerate after a short period of time if not killed quickly.

113
Dank Globin
Added in Afterbirth	Chases Isaac, dealing a full heart of contact damage. Upon taking enough damage, it collapses into a pile of goo, spawns a spider, and leaves a puddle of slowing black creep. Will regenerate after a short period of time if not killed quickly.

114
Black Globin
Added in Afterbirth	Chases Isaac, dealing a full heart of contact damage and spawning spiders whenever it takes damage. Spawns a spider, Black Globin's Head, and Black Globin's Body upon death.

115
Knight
Moves erratically around the room and charges toward Isaac when in line of sight. Can only be damaged from behind.

116
Selfless Knight
Moves erratically around the room and charges toward Isaac very quickly when in line of sight. Can only be damaged from behind.

117
Floating Knight
Behaves like the Knight but slower, and can fly over all obstacles.

118
Bone Knight
Added in Afterbirth	Moves erratically around the room, charges toward Isaac when in line of sight, and leaves behind a trail of damaging red creep. Can only be damaged from behind.

119
Mask + Heart
The Mask is invulnerable and moves around erratically, charging at Isaac when he lines up with it. The Heart avoids Isaac and fires 4 blood shots in the cardinal directions when Isaac gets near. Killing the Heart will automatically kill the Mask.

120
Clotty
Randomly wanders around the room, firing 4 blood shots in the cardinal directions.

121
Clot
Randomly wanders around the room, firing 4 tar shots in the ordinal directions.

122
I.Blob
Randomly wanders around the room, firing 8 shots in all directions.

123
Mega Clotty
Added in Afterbirth	Slowly moves around the room, occasionally hopping and firing 6 blood shots in all directions. Splits into two Clotties upon death.

124
Mom's Hand
Falls from the ceiling. If it lands on Isaac, it deals damage and teleports the player back to the spawn room of the floor. Entering a room containing Mom's Hand will warn the player with Mom's laugh.

125
Mom's Dead Hand
Added in Afterbirth	Falls from the ceiling. If it lands on Isaac, it deals damage and teleports the player back to the spawn room of the floor. If it doesn't land on Isaac, it spawns several rock waves that travel outwards. Spawns several spiders upon death. Entering a room containing Mom's Dead Hand will warn the player with Mom's laugh.

126
Maggot
Aimlessly moves around the room, dealing contact damage.

127
Charger
Slowly moves around the room, charging at Isaac when he gets in its line of sight.

128
Drowned Charger
Added in Afterbirth	Slowly moves around the room, charging at Isaac when he gets in its line of sight. Explodes into four blood shots in the ordinal directions upon death.

129
Dank Charger
Added in Afterbirth †	Slowly moves around the room, charging at Isaac very rapidly when he gets in its line of sight, leaving a trail of slowing black creep.

130
My Shadow
Added in Afterbirth	Slowly moves around the room, charging at enemies when they get in its line of sight.

131
Spitty
Slowly moves around the room, occasionally firing a single blood shot forwards.

132
Conjoined Spitty
Slowly moves around the room, occasionally firing blood shots from both ends of its body.

133
Tumor
Moves around the room diagonally, occasionally firing 6 shots. Fires more often upon getting damaged.

134
Psy Tumor
Moves around the room diagonally, occasionally firing 6 homing shots. Fires more often upon getting damaged.

135
Camillo Jr.
Moves around the room diagonally, occasionally firing Technology lasers towards Isaac. Fires more often upon getting damaged.

136
Brain
Slowly crawls around the room, leaving a trail of red creep.

137
Poison Mind
Added in Afterbirth †	Slowly crawls around the room diagonally, leaving a trail of green creep.

138
MemBrain
Slowly moves around the room, occasionally hopping and firing 8 large blood shots in all directions. Splits into 2 Brains upon death.

139
Guts
Attaches itself to a wall or obstacle and rolls around it.

140
Scarred Guts
Added in Afterbirth	Attaches itself to a wall or obstacle and rolls around it, leaving a trail of damaging red creep.

141
Mama Guts
Slowly moves around the room, occasionally hopping and firing 8 large blood shots in all directions. Splits into 2 Guts upon death.

142
Buttlicker
Attaches itself to other Buttlickers and erratically moves around the room, similar to Larry Jr..

143
Grub
Erratically moves around the room like Larry Jr. and charges at Isaac when he gets within its line of sight. Spawns Maggots, Chargers, or Spitties upon death, one for each of its segments.

144
Para-Bite
Moves towards Isaac, dealing contact damage. Can burrow underground and reappear elsewhere.

145
Scarred Para-Bite
Added in Afterbirth	Moves towards Isaac, dealing contact damage and firing short-range blood shots. Can burrow underground and reappear elsewhere.

146
Cod Worm
Stationary enemy that hides in a shell and spews blood if shot at. Only vulnerable when it pops its head out.

147
Fred
Hops out of the ground and burrows elsewhere, firing 4 blood shots in the ordinal directions. Occasionally fires red Ipecac shots at Isaac.

148
Lump
Fires 3 spread blood shots at Isaac when he gets in its line of sight. Will burrow underground and reappear elsewhere after firing.

149
Tar Boy
Added in Afterbirth †	Pops out of the ground in random locations and fires a short-ranged spray of shots that leave behind slowing black creep. If Isaac stands in the creep, the Tar Boy can fire shots straight upwards out of the creep underneath Isaac.

150
Leech
Quickly charges towards Isaac when he gets in its line of sight.

151
Kamikaze Leech
Quickly charges towards Isaac when he gets in its line of sight. Explodes upon death.

152
Holy Leech
Quickly charges towards Isaac when he gets in its line of sight. Explodes upon death. Spawns with an Eternal Fly circling it, which instantly dies when the Holy Leech explodes.

153
Host
Stationary enemy that is normally invulnerable. Raises its head up when Isaac gets close, revealing a fleshy stem that can be damaged. Upon raising its head, it will fire 3 blood shots and lower its head again.

154
Red Host
Stationary enemy that can be damaged even when its head is lowered. Fire 5 spread blood shots when it raises its head.

155
Mobile Host
Acts like the Host, but follows Isaac and deals contact damage.

156
Flesh Mobile Host
Acts like the Red Host, but follows Isaac and deals contact damage.

157
Mushroom
Added in Afterbirth †	Stationary enemy that occasionally pops up and fires four shots in the cardinal or diagonal directions. Takes less damage while its head is down.

158
Meatball
Added in Afterbirth	Slides around the room, occasionally stopping to spew a fountain of short-range blood shots in all directions or to spit a line of damaging red creep. Spawns a Host upon death.

159
Nerve Ending
Static enemy which acts as a meat shield.

160
Nerve Ending 2
Added in Afterbirth †	Static enemy which whips at Isaac if he gets too close.

161
Vis
Randomly wanders around the room. Pauses to charge and fire a Brimstone laser when Isaac gets in its line of sight.

162
Double Vis
Randomly wanders around the room. Pauses to charge and fire a Brimstone laser which fires from both sides when Isaac gets in its line of sight.

163
Scarred Double Vis
Added in Afterbirth	Randomly wanders around the room. Pauses to charge and fire a Brimstone laser which fires from all four cardinal sides when Isaac gets in its line of sight.

164
Chubber
Randomly wanders around the room. Pauses to fire a Charger that deals one heart of damage when Isaac gets in its line of sight. The Charger is invulnerable, blocks Isaac's tears, has limited range, and flies back to the Chubber.

165
Wall Hugger
Moves around the room like Guts, damaging Isaac by contact. Cannot be destroyed.

166
Slide
Quickly slides towards Isaac when he gets in its line of sight, then moves slowly back to its original position. Cannot be destroyed.

167
Poky
Slides around the room aimlessly, damaging Isaac by contact. Disappears when the room is cleared.

168
Eye
Slowly turns towards Isaac and fires a laser at Isaac if he stands still or is too slow.

169
Bloodshot Eye
Slowly turns towards Isaac and fires a Brimstone beam at Isaac if he stands still or is too slow.

170
Dople
Mirrors Isaac's movements and fires blood shots at the same time as Isaac. Can be damaged by spikes.

171
Evil Twin
Mirrors Isaac's movements and fires three spread blood shots at the same time as Isaac. Can fly over obstacles.

172
Embryo
Aimlessly hops around the room, dealing contact damage.

173
Baby
Slowly floats towards Isaac and fires blood shots. Occasionally teleports and reappears elsewhere.

174
Angelic Baby
Slowly floats towards Isaac and fires three spread shots. Occasionally teleports and reappears elsewhere.

175
Imp
Added in Afterbirth	Slowly drifts towards Isaac, frequently firing 5 blood shots in quick succession towards Isaac. Tries to avoid Isaac's shots and occasionally teleports and reappears elsewhere.

176
Homunculus
Starts attached to the wall. After a while, it detaches, shooting 6 blood shots and chasing Isaac. If it dies while still attached to the wall, it leaves a puddle of creep.

177
Begotten
Starts attached to the wall. After a while, it detaches, turning the room dark and chasing Isaac. Phases in and out of visibility when detached.

178
Null
Act like faster Frowning Gapers. When Isaac gets near, they phase in and out of visibility and pursue Isaac faster.

179
Swinger
Slowly moves towards Isaac as its head swings around its base. Upon death, spawns a Maw or a Globin depending on which part is killed.

180
Keeper
Hops around the room, firing 2 blood shots in a V formation at Isaac. Upon damaging Isaac, Isaac drops 2 coins on the ground but loses 3.

181
Hanger
Floats around the room, firing 3 spread blood shots at Isaac. Upon damaging Isaac, Isaac drops 2 coins on the ground but loses 3. Spawns with an eternal fly circling around it.

182
Mr. Mine
Added in Afterbirth †	Can only appear in pits. Attempts to launch itself at Isaac if he comes near. Occasionally burrows and pops up in another pit, and fires six shots in all directions upon death.

183
Fistuloid
Added in Afterbirth †	Flies towards Isaac in an erratic waving motion, periodically firing a blood shot towards Isaac that also knocks itself back. Upon death, fires a worm that flies off screen.

184
Stone Grimace
Stationary and invulnerable monster that occasionally fires blood shots at Isaac. Stops firing when room is cleared.

185
Vomit Grimace
Stationary and invulnerable monster that occasionally fires an Ipecac shot at Isaac. Stops firing when room is cleared.

186
Gaping Maw
Stationary and invulnerable monster that sucks Isaac towards it, along with Isaac's tears and enemy projectiles.

187
Broken Gaping Maw
Stationary and invulnerable monster that sucks Isaac towards it, along with Isaac's tears and enemy projectiles. Alternates between active and inactive every couple of seconds.

188
Constant Stone Shooter
Stationary and invulnerable monster that continuously fires shots in a single direction.

189
Cross Grimace
Added in Afterbirth †	Stationary and invulnerable monster that continuously fires shots in four directions.

190
Stone Eye
Stationary and invulnerable monster that constantly rotates and fires a flickering Technology laser. Stops firing when the room is cleared.

191
Brimstone Grimace
Stationary and invulnerable monster that fires Brimstone beams in a specific direction.

192
Oob
When Isaac lines up with it horizontally, it charges across the room once. When Isaac is not horizontal to it, it spawns Brains.

193
Black Maw
When Isaac lines up with it horizontally, it charges in his direction and then doubles back, charging back to its original position. When Isaac is not horizontal to it, it spawns Leeches. Explodes when it dies.

194
Gurglings
Charges towards Isaac when he lines up with them, leaving a trail of creep and shooting 6 blood shots.

195
Ultra Greed Coin (Spinner)
Added in Afterbirth	Spins around the room and deal contact damage.

196
Ultra Greed Coin (Key)
Added in Afterbirth	Spins on itself and opens a golden door around the room if not destroyed.

197
Ultra Greed Coin (Bomb)
Added in Afterbirth	Spins on itself and explodes with a large radius if not destroyed.

198
Ultra Greed Coin (Heart)
Added in Afterbirth	Spins on itself and heals Ultra Greed for 13.125 HP each if not destroyed.

199
Portal
Added in Afterbirth †	Spawns various enemies from the current floor until it either vanishes or is killed.