0
Bad Gas
Isaac farts, poisoning enemies around him.

1
Bad Trip
Injures Isaac by a full heart. If a Bad Trip pill is used while Isaac only has a single heart left or less, the pill will turn into a Full Health pill instead. (This damage counts as red heart damage for the purposes of getting a Devil Deal.)

2
Balls of Steel
Grants Isaac two soul hearts.

3
Bombs Are Key
Swaps the values of Isaac's bombs and keys.

4
Explosive Diarrhea
Spawns five active bombs behind Isaac over a period of five seconds, at one a second.

5
Full Health
Restores all health.

6
Health Down
Removes one red heart container upon use. While Isaac has one or fewer red heart containers, it will act as a Health Up pill instead.

7
Health Up
Adds one empty red heart container upon use.

8
I Found Pills
Changes the appearance of Isaac's face. This pill is cosmetic only, Removed in Afterbirth and the effect disappears when you leave the room.

9
Puberty
Causes Isaac to grow four hairs from the top of his head and zits on his face. This pill is cosmetic only, and will stay for the rest of the run. 

10
Pretty Fly
Grants 1 fly orbital that circles the player, blocking projectiles and damaging fly-type enemies on touch.

11
Range Down
Decreases Isaac's range by 2.

12
Range Up
Increases Isaac's range by 2.5.

13
Speed Down
Decreases Isaac's movement speed by 0.12.

14
Speed Up
Increases Isaac's movement speed by 0.15.

15
Tears Down
Decreases Isaac's tears by 0.28.

16
Tears Up
Increases Isaac's tears by 0.35.

17
Luck Down
Decreases Isaac's luck by 1.

18
Luck Up
Increases Isaac's luck by 1.

19
Telepills
Isaac gets teleported to a random room. Has a small chance to teleport Isaac to the I AM ERROR room, and an extremely small chance to teleport him to the Black Market, like Undefined.

20
48 Hour Energy
Drops one to two Little Batteries and fully charges the spacebar item. Added in Afterbirth Can be used with the Placebo or D1 to generate infinite batteries.

21
Hematemesis
Empties all but one red heart container and spawns 1-4 full red heart pickups. If Isaac only has half of a heart left, it will heal him to one heart. If used without any red heart containers, no health will be deducted, but red hearts will still spawn. If used in a Black Heart or Eternal Heart-containing Super Secret Room, it will spawn those types of hearts instead.

22
Paralysis
Prevents Isaac from moving for a short duration.

23
I can see forever!
Opens all entrances to the Secret Room and Super Secret Room for the current floor.

24
Pheromones
Charms all enemies in the room for a short period of time.

25
Amnesia
Replaces the floor map with a ? for the rest of the floor. If no other curses are active for the floor, the Curse of the Lost will appear under the level name when the map key is held. This effect cannot be negated by Black Candle. Added in Afterbirth Also the only pill to have its flavour text appear on a piece of paper, like curses do.

26
Lemon Party
Spawns a large yellow pool (similar to Lemon Mishap) around your character. Greatly damages any enemy that steps on it, for 22 damage per tick or 66 damage per second.

27
R U a Wizard?
Tears are shot diagonally outwards for about 30 seconds. This effect does not reset upon exiting the room.

28
Percs!
Gives The Wafer effect while in the room. Unlocked by completing Challenge #24: PAY TO PLAY.

29
Addicted!
Makes Isaac take a full heart of damage from all sources for the current room. Unlocked by completing Challenge #24: PAY TO PLAY.

30
Re-Lax
For a short time, poop spawns wherever Isaac moves, like Explosive Diarrhea but with poop. A higher move speed means you can touch more tiles in the same time. A pun on laxatives. Unlocked by completing Challenge #25: Have a Heart.

31
???
Gives the Curse of the Maze effect for the remainder of the floor. The effect can stack with other curses. If no other curses are active for the floor, Curse of the Maze will appear under the level name when TAB is held. This effect cannot be negated by Black Candle. Unlocked by completing Challenge #25: Have a Heart.

32
One makes you larger
Increases Isaac's size and decreases the pitch of his voice. This effect does not increase the size of Isaac's hitbox. Added in Afterbirth † These pills contribute to the Stompy transformation.

33
One makes you small
Decreases Isaac's size and increases the pitch of his voice. This effect decreases the size of Isaac's hitbox.

34
Infested!
Destroys all poop in the room and spawns a single Blue Spider under Isaac and on each destroyed poop.

35
Infested?
Spawns Blue Spiders equal to the number of enemies in the room. If there are no enemies in the room, spawns 1-3 Blue Spiders.

36
Power Pill!
Activates an effect similar to The Gamekid.

37
Retro Vision
Briefly pixelates the screen 3 times over 30 seconds.

38
Friends Till The End!
Spawns three Blue Flies.

39
X-Lax
Creates a pool of slippery brown creep underneath Isaac.

40
Something's wrong...
Creates a pool of black creep beneath Isaac.

41
I'm Drowsy...
Upon use, slows all enemies for the duration of the room.

42
I'm Excited!!!
Upon use, increases the speed of all enemies for the duration of the room. The effect triggers again 30 seconds after use and 60 seconds after use.

43
Gulp!
Upon use, any trinkets that the player is holding are destroyed, and their effects are permanently applied to the player. Unlocked by acquiring the Once More With Feeling! achievement.

44
Horf!
Upon use, Isaac shoots an explosive tear with the Ipecac effect that always deals 200 damage. 

45
Feels like I'm walking on sunshine!
Temporarily makes Isaac invincible, similar to Unicorn Stump.

46
Vurp!
Throws up the last pill you used. Will spawn itself if no other pills were taken beforehand.